
Attended by: Atharva

MOM
- User should be able to choose which files to download.
- Upload all files once annotated.
- Customised saving script recieved from dbai.
- Login to be from ui. [assume command line login not present/ not expected]

Forked LABELME repo. Analysed and created place holder functions to insert the relevant code.

Annoated few images to have a better understanding of the process followed by dbai.
Observations -  Only point annotation is used. 
                New images annotation is just modification of old annotation. ie 'keep annotated points' option is used.
                98 annotation points. Fixed structure of points.
                flags.txt needed to be loaded from command line while launching the program.
                output dir needed to be manually chosen.
  
Discuss with Shubaditya - User chooses which files to download. Just show file names or thumbnails? Basically user will need to choose all images manually
                          conceptual lifecyle doubt: if user hasnt signed in to AWS, but has images downloaded from previous instance, should they be displayed?
                                                     if user has not annotated all downloaded images in chunck, should an upload be allowed?
                                                     if user already has some images on local machine, should a download be allowed?
                          Should there be an upper limit to number of images downloaded at one time?
                          Some features that can be added - Add point annotation to side bar as it is used most frequently.
                                                            Add flags.txt file by default.
                                                            Remove unneccesaary icons from side bar for a cleaner look.
                            
                          
                          
Task (18 Aug - 25 Aug)
Expected boto functionality - AWS S3 login, list S3 onjects, download, upload.
Develop exception handling in the boto funtionality. Some exceptions are incorrect credentials, network error etc
Understand LABELME repo and code strucrure.
